Pull request-add biscuit aligner to the optional aligners, and relative steps (#147)
nf-core/methylseq: docs/usage.md

  * [`--unmapped`](#--unmapped)
  * [`--save_trimmed`](#--save_trimmed)
  * [`--save_align_intermeds`](#--save_align_intermeds)
  * [`--save_pileup_file`](#--save_pileup_file)
  * [`--epiread`](#--epiread)
  * [`--save_snp_file`](#--save_snp_file)
  * [`--soloWCGW_file`](#--soloWCGW_file)

>   * [`--assets_dir`](#--assets_dir)

Reviewer: these parameters should also have standard values

Author: What does it mean? sorry for not understanding...

Reviewer: nextflow will throw ugly warnings if a parameter is not initialised to a default value (such as `false`)

Author: Oh OK, so I can initialized all this parameters to true. or false...

NXF_OPTS='-Xms1g -Xmx4g'
```

### Bismark, bwa-meth and biscuit workflow

> The nf-core/methylseq package is actually threepipelines in one. The default workflow uses [Bismark](http://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/bismark/) with [Bowtie2](http://bowtie-bio.sourceforge.net/bowtie2/index.shtml) as alignment tool: unless specified otherwise, nf-core/methylseq will run this pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nf-core/methylseq package is actually three pipelines in one. The default workflow uses [Bismark](http://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/bismark/) with [Bowtie2](http://bowtie-bio.sourceforge.net/bowtie2/index.shtml) as alignment tool: unless specified otherwise, nf-core/methylseq will run this pipeline.
```

If you don't want to use the Illumina iGenomes references, you can supply your own reference genome.

> The minimum requirement is just a FASTA file - the pipeline will automatically generate the relevant reference index from this. You can use the command line option `--save_reference` to keep the generated references so that they can be added to your config and used again in the future. The bwa-meth and biscuit workflows always need a FASTA file, for methylation calling. The FASTA is also required for the Picard metrics generating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum requirement is just a FASTA file - the pipeline will automatically generate the relevant reference index from this. You can use the command line option `--save_reference` to keep the generated references so that they can be added to your config and used again in the future. The bwa-meth and biscuit workflows always need a FASTA file, for methylation calling. The FASTA is also required for the generation of Picard metrics.
```

### `--save_pileup_file`

When running with biscuit aligner, the methylation extraction is based on vcf file. By default these vcf files will not be saved. Set to true to also copy out the vcf-file and the index-vcf file.

### `--epiread`

[Epiread]([https://github.com/zhou-lab/biscuit/wiki/Convert-to-epiread-format](https://github.com/zhou-lab/biscuit/wiki/Convert-to-epiread-format)) format is a compact way of storing CpG retention pattern as well as SNP information on the same read. This option will tell the biscuit workflow to generate epiread file. The SNP file used for the epiread format can be saved using `--save_snp_file`.

### `--save_snp_file`

SNP file created from a sample in order to be used in the epiread file is not saved in final output directory. Set to true to copy out the SNP file. 
> **NB: The SNP detection is in progress of development within the biscuit tool**

### `--soloWCGW_file`

> This will generatea  methylation statuses in [bedGraph](http://genome.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/help/bedgraph.html) format, intersected with soloWCGW after extracting methylation from vcf, using biscuit workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate methylation statuses in [bedGraph](http://genome.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/help/bedgraph.html) format, intersected with soloWCGW after extracting methylation from vcf, using biscuit workflow.
```

> **NB: The soloWCGW is experimental, and currently available only for hg38**
> 

### `--assets_dir`

> Path to a directory containing needed file for biscuit-QC step. The needed files for hg38,hg19 and mm10 can be found in [here](https://www.cse.huji.ac.il/~ekushele/assets.html). 

Reviewer: How where these files generated?

> **This paramater is mandatory when running the pipeline using biscuit workflow**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This parameter is mandatory when running the pipeline using biscuit workflow**
```
